The planned Empires are somewhat inspired by 40K (although can any grand galaxy-spanning world not be). 

1. *The Empire* claim their home as Earth that was and have the largest human population. They are aggressive expansionists and will accept colonies that willingly join, or subjugate them when necessary. Generally based on the faction that is in power *The Empire* will either maintain an aggressive quiescence, building up its habitats and worlds - or will embark on grand campaigns to conquer other systems.
2. *The Federation* is a militaristic empire that remains at the border with *The Empire* and frequently engages in border skirmishes. While not expansionist, it tends to be xenophobic, although this is more volatile with periods of free migration punctuated by violent enforcement of its territorial integrity. *The Federation* exults the great leaders of its history, attributing superhuman wisdom and skill in many cases.
3. The *Frontiersmen* are a nomadic collection of habitats and colony ships that drift in the gaps between the galactic arms. The society is built on the idea that humankind is responsible for nurturing life in the universe. Its factions usually disagreeing on the extent of this role, whether humanity has a right to guide how life develops or if its role ends at seeding a planet. Due to their dispersed nature, these factions can become much more extreme that among other empires, often leading to conflict within the frontier societies, as well as the static empires.
4. *Theists* claim their home as Earth, and dispute *The Empire* as a false home. The society is based around the reverance of humanity in whole. The *Theists* religion allows them a cultural memory far longer than any other, resulting in worlds that are gardens build over millenia. The factions within the empire disagree on how they should tolerate their rivals